Rewording for section 7.4 (#374)
ietf-rats-wg/architecture: draft-ietf-rats-architecture.md

trust anchor store.

In a typical solution, a Verifier comes to trust an Attester
indirectly by having an Endorser (such as a manufacturer) vouch for the Attester's

> ability to securely generate Evidence through Endorsements (see {{endorsements}}). Endorsement Claims

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ability to securely generate Evidence through Endorsements (see {{endorsements}}). Endorsements
```

might describe the ways in which the Attester resists attack, protects secrets and
measures Target Environments. Consequently, the Endorser's key material is stored in the

> Verifier's trust anchor store so that Endorsements can be included in the Verifier's appraisal.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verifier's trust anchor store so that Endorsements can be authenticated and used in the Verifier's appraisal process.
```
